totally not a show night written by you
feel Li Britannia that's me oh wait my
clap ticket I went london tipton there
for a second so why are we here in the
Playboy Mansion Big Brother
you got a surprise for me so yeah
nightmare football Cup replay Bibbit
keep up Biba they cancelled my show oh
because paris hilton's my new BFF got
higher ratings I really hate that woman
I hate her so much I despise her despise
as far as I say so why are we here in
the Playboy Mansion brother I'd much
rather go to the Playgirl Mansion good
now that I have your fan service your
ratings will plummet to the ground
faster than you can say Hindenburg then
what am I gonna shoot everyone a freakin
fuck don't you be such a worrywart
worrywart where whatever why don't you
be such a worrywart guy there are bound
to be many other factions of fuck there
are bound to be many other factions of
Britain brat work your show just got
cancelled
yeah I think they replaced it with
something like the Code Geass
Teletubbies I don't know it's a work in
progress I guess was that creepy enough
no whoa
let's go Suzaku how does it feel the
cockpit all the readings are being
normal and rising let me check the TV
Guide see if that's actually what
they're replacing with hmm
hmm oh no they're replacing it with huh
25 a show about Jack Bauer in the
persona 3 world hmm
strange